Now next,
we're going to be examining a key concept within the CDK and that is the
different construct levels that exist within the CDK.
So here, over the course of this demo,
were first going to be reviewing what we call L1 and L2
constructs within the CDK documentation.
And then, in addition,
we're going to be utilizing an L1 construct within our CDK app so let's dive in.
So I'm here in my browser and here I'm at the aws‑s3 module
that we were at within the previous clip, and I want to call
out a couple of things here.
We mentioned in passing earlier that it gives us some indications about two
different types of constructs at the top of this Overview page.
Here,
we can see CFN or CloudFormation resources being stable and
we can see CDK constructs being stable.
So CFN resources, or CloudFormation resources,
are what we refer to as L1 constructs and the CDK
constructs are what we call L2 constructs.
Now here is what that means.
The CFN resources are CloudFormation resources,
they always map to the data types that exist within CloudFormation directly.
And so,
if you're used to working within CloudFormation every single
option that you can define within CloudFormation,
you can define here when working with the CDK.
In most cases, the CDK constructs are easier to work with as the L2 constructs,
they simplify key tasks, and in some cases,
which we'll see later within this course,
they might greatly simplify and even create multiple different
types of resources for us simultaneously and incorporating
best practices directly into them.
But in most cases, they just make it easier to do what you need to do.
However,
you can always go down a level and work with those L1 constructs if you need to.
There also are some services where we don't currently have L2 constructs.
So if I go, for example, to AWS Elasticsearch,
I can see here that we have the CloudFormation resources are stable,
but we don't yet have L2 constructs and that's just an example
so we can see that the CDK is continually evolving. Now as a
note, if I go back to S3 again,
I'll see here on the overview page that both of these are stable,
but there are several different AWS services where you'll see that
the CDK constructs are experimental.
That means that the APIs for working with them could change, and in some cases,
change greatly, and that could mean you're going to have to rewrite
the way that you're creating your infrastructure.
Now, if we look over here on the left pane,
I can see here that we do have these constructs.
Now these here that are listed are L2 constructs and we
have both bucket and bucket policy.
Now if I continue to scroll down past class, and structs, interfaces, and enums,
I can get to the point where I see CloudFormation
Resources and these are our L1 constructs.
So I have CFN bucket as an example and here you can see that all of the
different construct props that exist mapping into the CloudFormation
properties that exist for this particular data type.
And you can even see here the specific CloudFormation id that is
included for each of those different data types.
Now I want to go show you one additional thing.
So I'm going to go over here on the left pane, I'm going to
collapse back down AWS S3, and I'm going to scroll all the way
down and I'm going to go to core. Now,
this is what is included within the CDK Core. Now,
if I go here to the Overview page,
we'll see the same thing we have L1 and L2
constructs both stable here for the core,
which you probably would expect.
But here, I'm going to go here to CFN output,
which is a CloudFormation output, and we're going to use this within our stack.
Now, we're not going to deploy our particular CDK application just yet,
but I want to showcase here that this is something that we'll be
using. Now we don't have to go in and actually add in a new
package because this is included within the core that we already
have within our application.
So now I'm going to go back over to VS code.
So here, within VS code,
we're going to add in another resource which is going
to be our CloudFormation output.
So I'm going to say new cdk. and we'll say CfnOutput.
Now, just as before, we're going to need to pass in a few things.
First of all,
we're going to need to pass in a reference to the construct that we're creating
this within, which in this case is going to be the stack.
Then we're going to need to give this an id.
Then I need to actually go in and add in the different properties.
So here, first, we need to pass in a value.
Well, in this case, we're going to take this as our bucket,
and then we're going to say bucket name and you can see here
that we do have IntelliSense provided for the specific CDK
packages that we've pulled in.
Now,
the next thing we're going to need to do is we're going to
need to give this an export name, and in this case, we'll
also call this DocumentsBucketName.
Now that we have this in place,
we're ready to deploy the initial version of our CDK application, however,
we're not going to do that just yet.
We're going to spend the entire next module walking through the deployment and management of our CDK application.